Add note to "Environment" section of readme (#142)
yiisoft/config: README.md

The plugin supports creating additional environments added to the base configuration. This allows you to create
multiple configurations for the application such as `production` and `development`.

> > Note that environments supports on application level only and don't read from configurations of packages.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> Note that environments are supported on application level only and are not read from configurations of packages.
```
